Align README with the Python one (#185)
google-gemini/generative-ai-dart: README.md

# Google Generative AI SDK for Dart

> The Google AI Dart SDK is the easiest way for Dart developers to build with the Gemini API. The Gemini API gives you access to Gemini [models](https://ai.google.dev/models/gemini) created by [Google DeepMind](https://deepmind.google/technologies/gemini/#introduction). Gemini models are built from the ground up to be multimodal, so you can reason seamlessly across text, images, and code.

Reviewer: Dart repos use 80 character formatting for markdown and other files outside of `.dart`. Would you prefer I reformat this in a followup commit? There is also an internal markdown formatter which should use 80 character lines by default you could try.

Author: That's a good point. I was surprised that this rule was not respected in the READMEs. I couldn't use `mdformat` in Visual Studio but I managed to find a way. It should be OK now.

> exposing your API key to malicious actors if you embed your API key directly
> in your mobile or web app or fetch it remotely at runtime.

## Get started with the Gemini API

## Getting Started

1. Go to [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/).
2. Login with your Google account.

> 3. [Create](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey) an API key. Note that in Europe the free tier is not available.

Reviewer: I don't know for sure that this violates any rules in https://developers.google.com/style/link-text#write-link-text, but I worry about the single word "Create" as a link.

```suggestion
3. [Create an API key](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey). Note that in Europe the free tier is not available.
```

Author: Good point, I'll update the other repos the same way.

> 4. Try a Dart SDK [example](samples/dart) or the [Flutter ample app](samples/flutter_app/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Try a [Dart CLI sample](samples/dart/) or the [Flutter sample app](samples/flutter_app/).
```
